# Enhancement One

This project came from CS 320: Software Testing, Automation, and Quality Assurance. This project was created to provide create, update, and delete functions for a task program. This project also incorporated JUnit testing to make sure that the programs function correctly and according to the specifications set. The basis of this project was to use JUnit testing to make sure that the program functions as intended when unexpected input is entered by the user.

The original code completely and correctly implements the intended design for the original assignment. The code is formatted well and is organized in a way that is intuitive and makes sense. The code is commented throughout and is consistent. All variables are defined and there are tests in place to ensure that user input aligns with the parameters set. All of the loops are nested properly and the common cases in the IF – Else If chains are tested. There are defaults in place for each statement.

The main enhancement I made on this project is to translate the code from Java into Python. I believe that this showcases my knowledge of both languages and shows my knowledge of the project as well. This highlights my skills in software testing. This enhancement develops my skills in Java and Python to find functions that act the same. This also develops my skills in unit testing as well since this project culminated the bulk of my experience. The course outcomes I demonstrate with this enhancement are as follows. The first is to demonstrate an ability to use well-founded and innovative techniques, skills, and tools in computing practices for the purpose of implementing computer solutions that deliver value and accomplish industry-specific goals. The second is to develop a security mindset that anticipates adversarial exploits in software architecture and designs to expose potential vulnerabilities, mitigate design flaws, and ensure privacy and enhanced security of data and resources.

The process for this enhancement was straightforward. The biggest issue I ran into was getting the loops to work the same and getting the random number generator to work. I had to change method names so that they followed Python naming guidelines. I decided to use ‘datetime’ to handle the dates and to replace ‘jave.util.date’. I was able to utilize Python’s built in list instead of a java vector. The only other issue I see with the project going forward is with the classes and making sure everything connects correctly as I’m more familiar in that regard with Java. 

I chose not to translate the JUnit tests into Python and instead create a main function that allows the app to function. I tested it and was able to add a new Task in the Python module. I believe that I have acheived the course outcomes with this project. 
